* Welcome To The Breakdown Where Breakdown
Some Fucked Up Shit.
Today we are recapping a fake documentary
type film called Man Bites Dog.
This movie is about a killer named Ben who
is followed around by a camera crew as they
capture his deadly shenanigans.
Wanna see who happens to be victim to complete
mayhem, stay tuned for the breakdown.
Breakdown
* The Movie starts off with a innocent woman
trying to walk past this guy.
As shes walking past the guy grabs her as
she's walking and suffocates her to death,
or maybe to just sleep for about 40 seconds
on screen.
You can easily see that he is enjoying taking
away that women's breath.
* Then the title card comes up.
Next the killer talks to the camera crew about
throwing bodies underwater and he's very knowledgeable
about disposing of people and shows it as
he throws someone else over.
Then he visits his grandparents at their shop.
And we see the family is oblivious about his
murderous personality.
Next it cuts to Ben beating a mailman to death
which is a part of Ben's daily routine.
Ben then plays with some kids and as one of
the kids shoot a toy gun, we get this montage.
* Then he meets up with some woman named Jenny
for a while and we just get shots where we
learn more of Ben's personality.
Then next it cuts to Ben killing a black man
and we see that he buries many bodies using
the cement.
He also says something like he killed two
muslim's but made sure they face mecca in
their graves.
The killer has the camera crew willingly help
him drag the dead black man.
Then he wants to see if the black guy follows
that stereotype where they all are hung like
horse and has the crew take his pants down
and he gets his answer.
* Then the killer knock on an old ladies door
pretending to be an interviewer.
They start a fake interview but then he pulls
his gun out and starts screaming at the old
lady, giving her a heart attack easily since
she was a woman with heart problems, then
Ben says he saved a bullet.
* Then they start robbing her house and find
money under the bed.
Then the group have dinner at a restaurant.
Ben talks bad to a waiter.Then as he's making
a speech, he starts throwing up as the waiter
looks on happily at his success of revenge,
(not really the food was just good)
* Next the killer forces a man to drive and
follow someone, causing chaos on the road.
Then he shoots the driver and chases after
another random guy.
Then in a big building, someone shots one
of the crew members.
Ben sneaks up and hits the survivor with a
batman arkham asylum silent takedown.
* Then they throw another body in a taxi trunk
and then the crew stop at a bar.
Ben tells the crew that he only kills small
insignificant people so he doesn't attract
attention.
Next the sound guy cries on about his dead
crew member.
Next Ben pistol whips a woman and she convulses
on the floor.
Then Ben kills the husband by smashing his
head on a mirror.
Then he starts cracking his neck.
A child sees it and runs away and escapes
Ben and the crew.
Ben catches the kid but he gets kneed in the
nuts.
They catch the kid and Ben starts suffocating
the kid with a pillow.
He says he doesn't like killing kids because
they cause too much attention.
* Then as the crew is in another house, a
shoot out happens and another crew member
dies.
Then the same sound guy cries about it again.
Ben shoots a ceiling and somebody falls to
the floor.
Then the crew come across another camera crew
and Ben murders them all.
* We get another montage of killing and then
it cuts to them at the bar celebrating.
After a drinking binge the crew gets kicked
out and they walk the streets singing.
Next the crew take turns raping a woman as
they force the husband to watch.
The husband looks more mad that his weewee
aint as big as that black dude from the beginning.
* Then we see they completely disemboweled
the wife and murdered the husband.
Then they dump the bodies.
Ben gets his neck injured in a boxing match
and then once he gets out the hospital he
gets a birthday celebration.
The crew give Ben a holster and he uses his
revolver to kill one of the party goers for
being annoying.
Then he goes back eating as everyone else
sits in shock.
Then Jenny gives him her gift.
* The crew wrap up the body and try to dump
him but someone down there.
Then they dig a spot in a big grave with many
corspes.
It cuts to Ben taking down another mail man
but then out of nowhere we see that Ben has
been imprisoned for murder.
The mom believes Ben is innocent of all the
killings.
* Next Ben escapes off screen and calls the
crew to meet him.
The crew pick up Ben and take him to one of
his female friends house.
They girl has been murdered, and the flute
she played has been stuck up her anus.
Ben cries for his friend and washes the flute
off.
Then Ben gets dropped of at the family shop
and he finds his family has also been killed
similar to the girl Then back at a hideout,
the crew asks whats next, and as Ben recites
a poem, he gets shot in the head, then the
long haired sound guy dies too.
The last surviving one runs only to die at
the door.
The movie ends as we see the dead body of
the last camera man and the credits transisition.
* Well that was a pretty messed up movie guys,
I thought it was pretty interesting but anyway
lets talk about the most disturbed moment
and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff
Spooky Stuff
* I Know everyone is glad to see Ben dead,
but I'm more glad to see the camera crew dead.
Not only did they film a murderer, they helped
him with his murders, they were just as messed
up as Ben!
The most disturbed moment goes to the death
of the old lady.
I'm a sucker for innocent sweet women, and
the women died in such a messed up way when
she only expected to be interviewed.
The most enjoyed moment goes to the end, fuck
Ben, fuck the camera crew, bite these nuts.
* And that's it, this movie was released in
1992, same year that CJ came back to San Andreas,
and the director, the long haired sound engineer
named Remy Belvaux Threw a pie at Bill Gates
once.
Anyway my name is SpookyRice, and this has
been a breakdown.
Outro
Thank you guys for watching my video on Man
Bites Dog, bout time someone recaps that most
disturbed moments.
Anyway if you enjoy my content make sure you
guys watch the other breakdowns and subscribed
today and hit that bell to be notified of
some more interesting films.
Anyway Spooky Out.